content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Research Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Research Internship"
  company = "Scripps Research"
  company_url = "https://www.srinivasanlab.org"
  location="San Diego, California"
  date_start = "2023-05-22"
  date_end = "2023-08-22"
  description = """
  Participated in [Professor Supriya Srinivasan's molecular neuroscience lab](https://www.srinivasanlab.org) focused on metabolism
- Designed and cloned tissue-specific rescue constructs for *Caenorhabditis elegans* to examine the function of a targeted gene using Gibson Assembly.
- Engineered a complete knockout of a gene of interest in the lab by deleting all six exons (approximately 3,500 base pairs), designing the necessary sgRNA and PAM, creating an EcoRI cutting site repair template, and developing a screening strategy using Co-CRISPR with the dpy-10 gene (dpy/rol phenotype marker).
- Developed a worm strain by crossbreeding a gene mutation line with a rescue construct line of the targeted gene marked with green fluorescent protein (GFP).
- Conducted imaging of NeuroPAL line and GFP-crossbred product worms using an A1 Confocal Microscope.
"""

[[experience]]
  title = "CS Research Mentorship Program"
  company = "Google Research"
  company_url = "https://research.google"
  location="Online"
  date_start = "2023-01-01"
  date_end = "2023-04-01"
  description = """
  Participated in Google Research's CS Research Mentorship Program (CSRMP) aimed at supporting CS-related students in research.
  - Engaged in group and one-on-one meetings with a Google mentor and peers to discuss various topics, including defining a research problem, applying to graduate school, navigating the publication process, and applying for postdoc/academia/industry positions.
  - Participated in virtual networking events, career panels, tech talks, and information sessions about computing research opportunities.
  - Collaborated with a small group of peers and a Google mentor to structure discussions and identify opportunities around key topics in computing research.
  - Contributed to a broader peer community by participating in discussions and sharing experiences and perspectives to foster a supportive environment.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Research Internship"
  company = "National University of Singapore"
  company_url = "https://www.nus.edu.sg/"
  location="Singapore, Singapore"
  date_start = "2022-05-23"
  date_end = "2022-08-07"
  description = """ 
  Engaged in [Professor Antonia Monteiro's evolutionary development lab](https://lepdata.org/monteiro/) centered on behavioral inheritance
  - Selected for [the Amgen Scholars Program](https://amgenscholars.com), conducting evolutionary developmental analysis of food odor preference and its genetics in Bicyclus anynana.
  - Investigated the inheritance of learned novel food odor preferences in Bicyclus anynana butterfly larvae.
  - Performed Egg Infections, Insect Dissection, and Insect Injections.
  - Conducted Behavioral Odor Choice Assays and managed Insect Rearing.
  """
  
[[experience]]
  title = "Undergraduate Research Assistant"
  company = "Harvey Mudd College"
  company_url = "https://www.hmc.edu/"
  location = "Claremont, California"
  date_start = "2021-12-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  Participated in [Professor Jae Hur's molecular biology lab](https://www.hmc.edu/biology/faculty-staff/hur/) focused on aging
  - Investigated the impacts of health (via mating, diet, and hormesis) on mitochondrial protein degradation in *Drosophila melanogaster*
  - Conducted RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis, qPCR, fluorescent and colorimetric enzymatic activity assays utilizing automated microplate readers, managed fly genetics and culture, induced stress, and assessed physiology, including longevity.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Undergraduate Research Assistant"
  company = "Harvey Mudd College"
  company_url = "https://www.hmc.edu/"
  location = "Claremont, California"
  date_start = "2021-09-01"
  date_end = "2022-02-01"
  description = """
  Collaborated with [Prof. Mark Ilton's team](https://posmlab.org) on a biophysical research project, modeling both hardware and software aspects of Conus marmoreus injection latch.
  - Studied the mechanical characterization of elastic biological materials, crucial for animal locomotion, which exhibit a highly non-linear mechanical response and are rate-dependent due to complex dynamic relaxation processes.
  - Conducted recoil experiments to characterize the high-rate, large deformation response of elastic materials, involving stretching a clamped material, measuring force and displacement, then releasing the material and measuring the recoil using high-speed videography.
  - Analyzed the dynamics of elastic energy release to infer the high-rate and large deformation mechanical properties of the material.
  - Contributed to ongoing efforts to develop a methodology for inferring mechanical properties from recoil experiments, enabling the characterization of elastic biological materials during ultrafast movement.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "High-school Research Assistant"
  company = "Shizuoka University"
  company_url = "https://www.shizuoka.ac.jp/english/"
  location = "Shizuoka, Japan"
  date_start = "2018-07-01"
  date_end = "2021-03-31"
  description = """
  Collaborated with Dr. Hiroyuki Takemoto at Shizuoka University on independent research, investigating the impact of sleep deprivation on feeding behaviros.
  - Awarded a high school research [grant](https://www.jst.go.jp/cpse/gsc/about/index_english.html) from the [Japan Science and Technology Agency](https://www.jst.go.jp/EN/); conducted research with Prof. Hiroyuki Takemoto at Shizuoka University.
  - Published a first-authored [paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-021-88967-1) in *Scientific Reports* and presented findings at the Animal Behavioral Society [conference](https://www.animalbehaviorsociety.org/2020-virtual/program-full.php).
  - Conducted a behavioral analysis of *Drosophila melanogaster*, investigating the effects of sleep deprivation on food odor preference using self-made devices.
  - The study contributes to understanding the interaction between sleep and neural disorders, offering a novel approach to investigating cognitive deficits towards novel stimuli.
"""
+++

Commit message:

added the schulz lab experience

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Research Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.

[[experience]]
  title = "Undergraduate Research Assistant"
  company = "Harvey Mudd College"
  company_url = "https://www.hmc.edu/"
  location="Claremont, California"
  date_start = "2023-09-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  Participated in [Professor Danae Schulz's genetic parasitology lab](https://sites.google.com/a/g.hmc.edu/schulzlab/) focused on sleeping sickness
  - Engineered an RNAi plasmid targeting the EAF6 gene in the HAT complex of *Trypanosoma brucei*, the parasite causing African sleeping sickness, to study its role in the parasite's lifecycle transitions, especially between Bloodstream and Insect forms.
  - Electro-transformed an RNAi plasmid into *T. brucei*, incorporating an EP1-GFP reporter system to enable real-time monitoring of procyclin expression, encoded by the EP1 gene, as a proxy for lifecycle differentiation.
  - Performed detailed flow cytometry to track EP1-GFP expression in *T. brucei*, uncovering EAF6's critical role in facilitating differentiation and indicating potential RNAi system leakage.
"""

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Research Internship"
  company = "Scripps Research"
  company_url = "https://www.srinivasanlab.org"
  location="San Diego, California"
  date_start = "2023-05-22"
  date_end = "2023-08-22"
  description = """
  Participated in [Professor Supriya Srinivasan's molecular neuroscience lab](https://www.srinivasanlab.org) focused on metabolism
- Designed and cloned tissue-specific rescue constructs for *Caenorhabditis elegans* to examine the function of a targeted gene using Gibson Assembly.
- Engineered a complete knockout of a gene of interest in the lab by deleting all six exons (approximately 3,500 base pairs), designing the necessary sgRNA and PAM, creating an EcoRI cutting site repair template, and developing a screening strategy using Co-CRISPR with the dpy-10 gene (dpy/rol phenotype marker).
- Developed a worm strain by crossbreeding a gene mutation line with a rescue construct line of the targeted gene marked with green fluorescent protein (GFP).
- Conducted imaging of NeuroPAL line and GFP-crossbred product worms using an A1 Confocal Microscope.
"""

[[experience]]
  title = "CS Research Mentorship Program"
  company = "Google Research"
  company_url = "https://research.google"
  location="Online"
  date_start = "2023-01-01"
  date_end = "2023-04-01"
  description = """
  Participated in Google Research's CS Research Mentorship Program (CSRMP) aimed at supporting CS-related students in research.
  - Engaged in group and one-on-one meetings with a Google mentor and peers to discuss various topics, including defining a research problem, applying to graduate school, navigating the publication process, and applying for postdoc/academia/industry positions.
  - Participated in virtual networking events, career panels, tech talks, and information sessions about computing research opportunities.
  - Collaborated with a small group of peers and a Google mentor to structure discussions and identify opportunities around key topics in computing research.
  - Contributed to a broader peer community by participating in discussions and sharing experiences and perspectives to foster a supportive environment.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Research Internship"
  company = "National University of Singapore"
  company_url = "https://www.nus.edu.sg/"
  location="Singapore, Singapore"
  date_start = "2022-05-23"
  date_end = "2022-08-07"
  description = """ 
  Engaged in [Professor Antonia Monteiro's evolutionary development lab](https://lepdata.org/monteiro/) centered on behavioral inheritance
  - Selected for [the Amgen Scholars Program](https://amgenscholars.com), conducting evolutionary developmental analysis of food odor preference and its genetics in Bicyclus anynana.
  - Investigated the inheritance of learned novel food odor preferences in Bicyclus anynana butterfly larvae.
  - Performed Egg Infections, Insect Dissection, and Insect Injections.
  - Conducted Behavioral Odor Choice Assays and managed Insect Rearing.
  """
  
[[experience]]
  title = "Undergraduate Research Assistant"
  company = "Harvey Mudd College"
  company_url = "https://www.hmc.edu/"
  location = "Claremont, California"
  date_start = "2021-12-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  Participated in [Professor Jae Hur's molecular biology lab](https://www.hmc.edu/biology/faculty-staff/hur/) focused on aging
  - Investigated the impacts of health (via mating, diet, and hormesis) on mitochondrial protein degradation in *Drosophila melanogaster*
  - Conducted RNA extraction, cDNA synthesis, qPCR, fluorescent and colorimetric enzymatic activity assays utilizing automated microplate readers, managed fly genetics and culture, induced stress, and assessed physiology, including longevity.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Undergraduate Research Assistant"
  company = "Harvey Mudd College"
  company_url = "https://www.hmc.edu/"
  location = "Claremont, California"
  date_start = "2021-09-01"
  date_end = "2022-02-01"
  description = """
  Collaborated with [Prof. Mark Ilton's team](https://posmlab.org) on a biophysical research project, modeling both hardware and software aspects of Conus marmoreus injection latch.
  - Studied the mechanical characterization of elastic biological materials, crucial for animal locomotion, which exhibit a highly non-linear mechanical response and are rate-dependent due to complex dynamic relaxation processes.
  - Conducted recoil experiments to characterize the high-rate, large deformation response of elastic materials, involving stretching a clamped material, measuring force and displacement, then releasing the material and measuring the recoil using high-speed videography.
  - Analyzed the dynamics of elastic energy release to infer the high-rate and large deformation mechanical properties of the material.
  - Contributed to ongoing efforts to develop a methodology for inferring mechanical properties from recoil experiments, enabling the characterization of elastic biological materials during ultrafast movement.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "High-school Research Assistant"
  company = "Shizuoka University"
  company_url = "https://www.shizuoka.ac.jp/english/"
  location = "Shizuoka, Japan"
  date_start = "2018-07-01"
  date_end = "2021-03-31"
  description = """
  Collaborated with Dr. Hiroyuki Takemoto at Shizuoka University on independent research, investigating the impact of sleep deprivation on feeding behaviros.
  - Awarded a high school research [grant](https://www.jst.go.jp/cpse/gsc/about/index_english.html) from the [Japan Science and Technology Agency](https://www.jst.go.jp/EN/); conducted research with Prof. Hiroyuki Takemoto at Shizuoka University.
  - Published a first-authored [paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-021-88967-1) in *Scientific Reports* and presented findings at the Animal Behavioral Society [conference](https://www.animalbehaviorsociety.org/2020-virtual/program-full.php).
  - Conducted a behavioral analysis of *Drosophila melanogaster*, investigating the effects of sleep deprivation on food odor preference using self-made devices.
  - The study contributes to understanding the interaction between sleep and neural disorders, offering a novel approach to investigating cognitive deficits towards novel stimuli.
"""
+++
