content/home/slider2.md, before:

+++
# Slider widget.
widget = "slider"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 190  # Order that this section will appear.

# Slide interval.
# Use `false` to disable animation or enter a time in ms, e.g. `5000` (5s).
interval = 2000

# Slide height (optional).
# E.g. `500px` for 500 pixels or `calc(100vh - 70px)` for full screen.
height = "calc(100vh - 70px)"

# Slides.
# Duplicate an `[[item]]` block to add more slides.
[[item]]
  title = "Srinivasan Lab"
  content = "The Scripps Research Institue (La Jolla, CA/ Summer 2023)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "pic16.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

  # Call to action button (optional).
  #   Activate the button by specifying a URL and button label below.
  #   Deactivate by commenting out parameters, prefixing lines with `#`.
  # cta_label = "View My Gallery"
  # cta_url = "https://vsco.co/fuminori-tanizawa/gallery"
  # cta_icon_pack = "fas"
  # cta_icon = "camera"

[[item]]
  title = "Srinivasan Lab"
  content = "The Scripps Research Institue (La Jolla, CA/ Summer 2023)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "pic17.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_1.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_2.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_3.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_4.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_5.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_6.jpeg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Tioman Island, Malaysia!!"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic15.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "My buddies"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic10.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Fire goby :fish:"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic3.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Okinawa, Japan"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic5.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic8.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic9.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic12.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Undersea Caves"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic11.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Starry puffer"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic13.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic16.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.
+++

Commit message:

change in jpeg to jpg

content/home/slider2.md, after:

+++
# Slider widget.
widget = "slider"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 190  # Order that this section will appear.

# Slide interval.
# Use `false` to disable animation or enter a time in ms, e.g. `5000` (5s).
interval = 2000

# Slide height (optional).
# E.g. `500px` for 500 pixels or `calc(100vh - 70px)` for full screen.
height = "calc(100vh - 70px)"

# Slides.
# Duplicate an `[[item]]` block to add more slides.
[[item]]
  title = "Srinivasan Lab"
  content = "The Scripps Research Institue (La Jolla, CA/ Summer 2023)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "pic16.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

  # Call to action button (optional).
  #   Activate the button by specifying a URL and button label below.
  #   Deactivate by commenting out parameters, prefixing lines with `#`.
  # cta_label = "View My Gallery"
  # cta_url = "https://vsco.co/fuminori-tanizawa/gallery"
  # cta_icon_pack = "fas"
  # cta_icon = "camera"

[[item]]
  title = "Srinivasan Lab"
  content = "The Scripps Research Institue (La Jolla, CA/ Summer 2023)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "pic17.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_1.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_2.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_3.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_4.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_5.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

[[item]]
  title = "Mugnier Lab"
  content = "Johns Hopkins University (Baltimore, MA/ Summer 2024)"
  align = "left"  # Choose `center`, `left`, or `right`.

  # Overlay a color or image (optional).
  #   Deactivate an option by commenting out the line, prefixing it with `#`.
  overlay_color = "#666"  # An HTML color value.
  overlay_img = "research_pic_6.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Tioman Island, Malaysia!!"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic15.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "My buddies"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic10.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Fire goby :fish:"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic3.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Okinawa, Japan"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic5.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic8.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic9.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic12.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Undersea Caves"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic11.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = "Scuba Diving!"
#  content = "Starry puffer"
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#555"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic13.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.

# [[item]]
#  title = ""
#  content = ""
#  align = "left"

#  overlay_color = "#333"  # An HTML color value.
#  overlay_img = "pic16.jpg"  # Image path relative to your `static/img/` folder.
#  overlay_filter = 0  # Darken the image. Value in range 0-1.
+++
